chore: Document workaround for sending cookies services to datalayer (#681)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: versioned_docs/version-2.x/advanced/analytics/getting-started.mdx

};
```

### Retrieve authorized cookie services in analytics

> Currently in Front-Commerce, in order to send authorized cookie services to
> analytics services, those services also need to be defined in

Reviewer: **nitpick:** Its not very clear, as it feel that they're "automatically sent" to analytics services. They're not. So far, only GTM supports this if I'm not mistaken.

**suggestion:** mention where it is sent in Analytics plugins

```suggestion
In Front-Commerce, to allow authorized cookie services to
be injected in analytics services `settings(authorization, otherAuthorizations)` callback (as its 2nd parameter), those services also need to be defined in
```
